#BlockCanna
cannabis-xrpl-project
                                                               Bringing Trust to the Cannabis Industry

  Trust is at the heart of every thriving society and business, since the beginning of time.  Without trust being the center of a industry you have a lack in law, payment flows, and a lack in supply chain management. I have personally sat back and watched as technology companies like Ripple, with partnerships from competing banks, enterprises alike, all come together and form a alliance which allowed for new business growth to be formed but also putting the trust back into how finances are completed.

  Today I want to share with you a vision I had, as well as set forth some expectation from the research I have done on the cannabis industry.  There is a well-known major problem in the cannabis industry and that problem starts with trust and the government.  As of January 1st 2020, cannabis is only legal for recreational and medical purpose in thirteen states. Also, it is currently only legal for medical uses in thirty-three states.  Why is the United States of America not forming together to allow recreation and medical us of cannabis?

  I have read article after article on what can finally help the payments situation that is currently becoming a hinder in the cannabis industry. Banks do not want to deal with retailers or farmers of cannabis. This reverts back to the first major problem on the industry. So how can we fix this issue with out fixing the first major issue? You simply cannot. There are many new blockchain innovation technology companies that are in fact working on this scenario. What good will it do for the industry by going around the government to form a payments platform solution for the industry? When in fact, this is the same reason the governments do not trust this industry, among other issues. So here we are stuck in la-la land waiting for something to happen. Is it the government waiting for technology or technology waiting for the government?

Supply chain’s can be a nightmare. Especially for an industry that does not have trust from their government or the financial industry. This makes managing, shipping, production and sales a nightmare for any industry. Until the first major two problems are fixed and completed this will continue to lag behind in the background. 

  How can we take these three major situations and combine their issue’s with just one solution?  Cannabis Blockchain Consortium.  Decentralized consortium to be exact, ran on a blockchain platform. Forming a legal team to tackle and give trust to the states and federal government. Allowing them to a run a node on the blockchain for legal purposes. Thankfully with Ripple and other payment technology companies. They have formed a major alliance with the government to set forth a path for payments in the digital economy. Working with the government first and getting the all of the United States on board, is not an option, it is a must. Once that can happen the payments structure can then be set forth and the financial institutions will then have trust in the industry. Allowing the supply chains and technology companies to have trust as well.  

  This is an industry that is going to take off and explode with jobs being created, and lives being saved. But until we form an ecosystem where everyone is on the same page, this industry will only continue to step on its own two feet.
